Update Serverless docs to include Lambdas deployed as container images (#9173)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/serverless/installation/python.md

[2]: https://github.com/DataDog/datadog-lambda-python/releases
[3]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/serverless/forwarder/
[4]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/serverless/serverless_integrations/cli
{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "Container Image" %}}

### Install the Datadog Lambda Library

If you are deploying your Lambda function as a container image, you cannot use the Datadog Lambda Library as a layer. Instead, you must install the Datadog Lambda Library directly within the image.

```sh
pip install datadog-lambda
```

> Note that the minor version of the `datadog-lambda` package always matches the layer version. E.g., datadog-lambda v0.5.0 matches the content of layer version 5.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that the minor version of the `datadog-lambda` package always matches the layer version. For example, `datadog-lambda v0.5.0` matches the content of layer version 5.
```
